chore: release notes for 1.30.0 (#289)
pactflow/docs.pactflow.io: website/docs/docs/on-premises/releases/1.30.0.md

---
title: 1.30.0
---

## Release date

> 08 April 2024

Reviewer: Need to be on the release date (maybe today)

## Features

* Add team-specific metric details via an endpoint /metrics/teams

## Fixes

> * Fix bug where a user with environment:team:read permission received a 403 when performing a GET request for an individual environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix bug where a user with `environment:team:read` permission received a 403 when performing a GET request for an individual environment
```

* Ensure matrix and can-i-deploy use the latest revision of the pact when using bi-directional contracts and the pact for a consumer version is modified

> * Fix the bug where searching integrations in the dashboard would search it from the list of first 1000 integrations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix bug where searching integrations in the dashboard would only search from the first 1000 integrations
```

> * Improved performance of the /admin/users endpoint

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved performance of the `/admin/users` endpoint
```
